How can you enforce the other? Okay, well, to assume that everyone's had
a vicious species. I always got the data was really not a girl has
gone down, so all right, But on the west, how do you ensure that your
you know, it's operable in completing the mission? That's simple.
Expect, or you personally inspects. So if the next watch they were
supposed to bring on, you know, bring number two boiler at a lay up
and getting ready to go online on the old 400 watch and you come up,
I had 400 take the watch and the wall is not, uh what's going on.
Okay, so it's things like that. You know, all of a sudden, you know,
things are not happening. We're supposed to. That's it. So you have
to turn around and enforce it. Okay, Um, we were supposed to have all
the ships boats stowed away, and then everyone could go on the recall
ships boats on stowed away, taking the watch. You could keep the
watch. Do you still little boats away? So that's an indicator. It's
hard. It's not like the battery. It's not academy environment. Fleet
is not the academy. So but waken still expect that you would bring
duty, honor, country, honor. Fidelity Integrity's with you